everybody the sky reaction time be
reviewing an application called call of
duty world at war zombies how cool
finally came out with this game Call of
Duty World War rhythm zombies and you
know what calls do the world war zombie
levels on the ps3 or xbox 360 and this
is exactly the same but the different
kind of graphics so I'm reviewing down
iphone ipod touch but i'm using iphone
it says it works best on iphone 2g
second generations of things but it
works as well so let's get to the point
and the game okay the game is like this
it's ten dollars an application store
great deal for this game okay
I'm trying to record from a different
camera so the quality is way better
the exact same thing in from the
beginning for this look it's cool
yeah just came out today two dollars
it's awesome hey I give it a nine out of
ten I'm giving you a nine because the
lag on multiplayer it's kind of laggy
the overall it's all good they're single
there's online if you have if you have
Wi-Fi on you can play with other players
around the world i had this game on and
extra new maps they're coming out with
this maps in i can't wait so extras
there's profile or custom options single
player let's try that out
you have to get used to controls
6 x 36 load up because it's a good game
hi real exactly the same this is move
this is turn fire amelie reload aim now
let's get started well I think there's
some zombies coming oh my gosh you have
to these skills I haven't played for
like an hour grenade owned
holy think is quite freaky I've played
call of duty while out we're on a ps3
I've known that this isn't it's almost
just about exactly the same just besides
of graphics and the controlling it's
awesome I think it's worth ten dollars
for sure but it goes on for like this
for a while and there's upstairs you can
buy just exactly that the whole game
there's this door you can go to and by
just like the game it's one thousand
dollars let's try the online oh I died
oh my gosh
it's awesome and you can change a radio
inside that one too just